Good evening. I'm Randall park.
As election day draws closer,
we caught up
with candidate Johnson
and asked him
how he was feeling.
Cautiously optimistic
but still confident that
the American people
believe in our message.
Big day's almost here, Randall.
I can taste it.
And, uh, what's it taste like?
Almost as good as this Tequila.
Almost.
Probably also almost as good
as this hard pear cider.
That's been expired
for easily over a year.
(Chuckles)
We saved it for the cat.
Really? (Both chuckle)
So, the race is tight. Mmm-hmm.
No one can predict
which way it's going to go.
Would you consider
this accomplishment a win,
no matter the outcome?
No way (chuckles), no way.
There's that legendary
competitive fire.
I try to do anything
like I do everything,
and that's with all I got.
And you can work hard,
but sometimes
there are variables
you just can't control.
Of course you're referring to
not being cast as Pedro cerrano
in lin-Manuel Miranda's
musical remake of major league.
No, not talking about that.
But that one did sting.
I'm talking about
playing college football
in the early '90s
at the university of Miami,
when I had big dreams
of playing in the NFL,
and giving my family
a better life.
Reporter: All right, folks,
our coverage
of the 1995 NFL draft
continues now.
Let's talk to
the man of the hour,
Dwayne "ladybird" Johnson.
Interviewer: Dwayne,
how's it feel
to be the first pick
in the NFL draft?
I'm proof dreams do come true,
and a few years ago,
I made a promise.
I bought my parents a mansion.
I don't beheveit
Dwayne...
Dwayne.
Dwayne!
You all right?
Yeah.
What up, kev?
You were asleep.
Yeah, I've been
working hard in camp.
Going after that starting spot.
Just need to power
my body down for a minute.
Micro naps.
Lovethose. Checkit
boom.
Refreshed.
Yo, yo, yo, what up?
My dawgs, my dawgs, my dawgs.
Gushers? Gushers, baby? Gushers?
(Smac ks) Owl
sapptop hey, yo, sapp.
This is the d-line room.
I think your tight end meeting's
at the old spaghetti factory.
(Team chuckles)
Spaghetti sounds good
right now, but no,
I'm in the right place.
Coach said he wanted
to convert me to d-line.
So watch out.
I'm here for your job.
Okay, okay.
My acid reflux is bananas today.
I'll try not to take it out
on you, okay? (Groans)
Adult Dwayne: Even though sapp
was an insanely talented
football player,
I was determined
to show coach Erickson
I still had what it took
to be a starter.
Camp's wrapping up
in a few days,
so it's make or break
for a lot of you
baflhng for starting spots.
We got a championship-caliber
team this year.
D-line's gonna lead the way.
All: Yes, sir.
Second, sports agents.
Now, these jokers
are lurking around,
trying to wine and dine
some of you.
Where? Here I am.
(Team chuckles)
It's illegal,
so use your brains.
Avoid these guys.
And don't accept
any of their gifts.
Is a car technically a gift?
Yes.
What if it's a Honda civic?
It's still a gift. Moving on.
What about a sandwich?
What about it?
Is it a gift? Technically?
If it's bought for you by an
agent, then, yes, it's a gift.
What about a panini?
All sandwiches bought
by agents are gifts.
Would you consider
a hot dog a sandwich?
Damn it, yes!
See, I disagree.
(Indistinct chatter)
Moving on.
You've got your playbooks.
Let's talk game strategy.
I forgot mines.
It's cool if we share?
Come on, dawg. You hoggin'.
Adult Dwayne: Sapp was one of
the best athletes
Miami football had ever seen.
But this was my year,
and I knew I had
nothing to worry about.
(The devil made me do it
playing)
The devil made me do it
the devil made me do it
yo, I'm not even tired out here!
I'm sweating
cool water Cologne, baby.
Sapp, baby!
Whoo-hoo, sapp!
Adult Dwayne: So, yeah.
Obviously, I was wrong.
Okay, listen up.
Uh, first of all,
whoever recommended
zantac for my heartburn,
thank you.
Honestly, life-changing.
You're welcome, coach.
(Team chuckles)
Second, season starts in a week,
and the coaches have
made their decisions
on our first string defense.
I know how hard you all worked
in the off-season,
and I'm proud of you, okay?
Each and every one of you.
Okay, starting d-line will be...
Madearis,
Patrick,
Miller,
and sapp.
(All applauding)
Was there ever
a doubt about this?
Coach Erickson: Hey, you guys
all earned it.
But remember,
anything can happen, okay?
You need to go
out there each week,
and you need to fight for it.
Okay, starting corners
will be...
Mcnem.
(Telephone ringing)
(Indistinct chatter)
Yes, that's right.
It's a six-day,
seven-night cruise
around the keys.
(Phones ringing) Of
course, that's all included.
Sure, I'm happy
to walk you through
those family packages again.
Just let me place you
on a brief hold.
(Phone ringing)
They're still winning,
40 to three.
Why is the Miami mascot
like a duck with no pants?
Has Dewey played yet?
Not yet, but we saw him
on the sidelines.
Best looking kid on the bench.
Look, I'm stuck at work.
I can't make it home in time
before the end of the game,
so just make sure
you tape the whole thing.
I always do.
The whole thing, rocky.
Sometimes the band members
get knocked down
by celebrating players, and
I think that's really funny.
Yes, I will tape
the whole thing.
(Line switches)
So, for our family packages...
Oh!
That's a bad man! (Laughs)
Man: (On TV) In on the tackle
back at the 42,
Mr. Sapp, Mr. Reilly.
Adult Dwayne: I might not have
got the starting job,
but I tried to stay motivated
and tried to stay ready.
(Alarm buzzing)
(Funky music playing)
But I didn't get my number
called as much as I'd hoped.
Late in the fourth quarter,
Miami 22, Nebraska 0.
Adult Dwayne:
And before you knew it,
we were playing for
the national championship.
The hurricanes
are four minutes away
from being national champions.
(Shouts and impacts)
(Cheers and applause)
(Whistle blows)
Dewey hasn't played
a single snap yet.
Well, at least his uniform
is nice and clean.
Saves someone
in the locker room a wash.
Miami mascot is a mess.
Oh, the other mascot.
Nice cowboy.
Handsome.
Like Lee Marvin.
(Whistle blows)
Okay, Dwayne, let's go.
You're in.
Yes, coach.
(Team cheering)
This is it!
(Whistle blows)
Fourth down.
That was it?
It was so exciting to see you
win the championship, Dewey.
Did you see those band members
get knocked down?
The boy with the tuba
just kept rolling. (Chuckles)
I'm sorry you drove
all the way out here
just to see me get in
for only one play.
A great play, my favorite play.
And I can't wait to see
your championship ring.
A man needs jewelry
with a story.
Yes, Peter used to always talk
about the earring he got
from Sean Connery.
Mm-hmm. Here you go.
Oh, uh, um
we have a coupon
for half-off appetizers.
It's at your tampa location,
but I called ahead.
They said it's still in-state,
so they'd accept it.
Oh, okay.
And we'll split the rest
over these two cards here.
Oh, oh, sorry.
And I have one
for a complimentary dessert.
So whenever you're ready,
we'll take an oreo mess.
Hey, thanks for dinner.
Next year, it's gonna be
my treat.
We're so proud of you, Dewey.
(Speaking Samoan)
(Speaking English)
We are a family of champions.
Yes, we are.
I'm gonna work my ass off
all summer.
Next year, I'm gonna dominate.
From there, it's
a straight path to the NFL.
Nobody's gonna outwork me.
Your mess.
(Gasps) All right.
(Chuckles)
What... whoa, whoa.
What y'all doing?
Just_
Adult Dwayne: That summer,
I took my training to the next level.
(Rock music playing)
(Panting)
I've said before that the gym
has always been my sanctuary.
Well, that summer,
it was my church,
my altar to sweat,
yo.
You done with this machine yet?
You see my towels
are still there, right?
My basilica of grind.
It was my workshop,
and I was its build-a-bear.
Is there a better time
that I could call...
As hard as I trained,
the toughest part of that summer
was when my mom got me
a job at her work
so I could help out
with the bills.
It's five nights in cabo,
all expenses included.
(Vvhoops! Qaughs)
Sorry about that.
My ear got too sweaty.
Uh, as well as free t-shirts
from the giggling marlin.
I hated seeing my mom
in that place.
It was 100 degrees, no ac,
and you only got paid
in commissions.
It made me double down on
my promise
to get her out of there,
even if! Had to adjust
my expectations slightly.
Reporter: All right, folks,
our coverage
of the 1995 NFL draft
continues now.
We go to the 25th pick,
Dwayne "my real name is Karen"
Johnson.
If you don't get the reference,
that's whoopi goldberg's
birth name.
Okay, over to you.
Thanks, Chris.
Dwayne, how does it feel
to be the 25th pick
in the NFL draft?
Well, it feels great.
I'm gonna haunt the dreams
of the 24 teams
that passed on me but...
Oh, and one more thing.
I bought my parents a tasteful,
ranch-style home.
Perfect, no stairs.
Horizontal iivin'.
Adult Dwayne: By the end
of the summer, I was ready to roll.
I was gonna take
that intensity back to Miami
and be the first guy
in the gym every morning.
(Rock music playing)
I was taking command
of my future.
(Grunting)
But, like I said,
sometimes there are variables
you can't control.
(Grunts)
(Breathing heavily)
Hey.
(Grunts)
Yo, Dwayne Johnson. D-line.
Ray Lewis.
Freshman linebacker.
I thought I'd be the first
person here at 5:00 am.
The assistant coach
I had to call
to open up the weight room,
he thought the same thing.
(Ray panting)
(Both chuckling)
It's good to have some company.
Man, hell yeah.
The break of dawn boys.
Yeah, that's it.
Hey, and let me know if you
have any questions about anything.
My only question is,
which way to
the starting lineup?
Looks like you're gonna
fit in here just fine, ray.
Reporter: Let's see what
they do here on second and long.
(Crowd cheering)
A screen pass to Thomas.
And ray Lewis said,
"I told you."
(Both cheering)
Man, that kid's unbelievable.
Guy is a natural, brother.
He was born in the back field.
Hey, it's natural talent,
but that guy's busting his ass
in the gym with me
every morning.
Man, I just wish I could
be out there with him.
Nah, man, not me.
I'm happy right
here on the sideline.
No chance of injury,
and we still get
the social juice
of being on the team.
Social juice?
Who cares about social...
Nah, man.
This is my future.
I just got to stay
ready, wait for my shot
to show 'em what I'm capable of.
I hear you, bro.
I'm just saying.
Not all of us need to be
masters of the universe.
Some of us are happy with
middle management at state farm,
with a cute wife
with a drinking problem.
Carlos!
That's my girl, Trish,
right there.
Carlos, wave to me!
I'm with Lisa!
Hey, baby!
No way I'm middle management.
I'm gonna do big things.
Dewey, you're in. Let's go.
Ready, coach.
(Ladies first playing)
35 yards and a sack.
Down he goes. Dwayne Johnson.
I read somewhere
he was thrown out of...
267 poundjunior on...
His father was a tag-team
champion back in 1984.
Here comes the number one king.
Marley is all over him
along with Johnson.
Floyd is in. We 're done.
(Crowd cheering)
Number 94,
Dwayne Johnson.
Oh, it's my boy!
(Laughing)
Look at how old the
other team's coachis.
Look like a grandpa!
(Laughing) (Phone ringing)
Babe, deweyjust made
an amazing play.
He sacked the quarterback
who won the heisman trophy.
Yes, that's great.
Will you write down
the player's name
so I can send his mother a note?
Okay.
Hey, you got a second, coach?
Sure, Dewey. Take a seat.
Adult Dwayne:
Even though / never started,
I got some decent playing time
and made the most of it.
I thought it might be enough
to get me noticed.
I just wanted to ask
you about something.
Girl advice?
Be straightforward, okay?
Dothmynflndgames
oh, no, no, no_.
Be a gentleman, open the door.
No, it's not that. It's, um,
well, I heard that NFL scouts
usually ask for tape on
players they're interested in,
and I was just curious
if you got any calls for me.
You know, Dwayne, you're one of
the hardest working guys
I've ever had here.
You're a fine player.
Hardest working
in the weight room,
practice sessions,
film sessions.
Hell, I wish half these guys
had one-tenth
of your work ethic.
Thank you, coach.
Which is why I have
a question for you.
You ever consider
going into coaching?
Uh, what?
You got the skillset
to be a great one.
Dependable, diligent...
And then he says
I can do anything
I put my mind to.
(All groaning)
That's brutal, man.
Man, somebody get my man here
another drink, please.
I mean, he called me dutiful.
That's like what my
grandma calls my mom.
That's real messed up.
Has coach Erickson evercahed
any of you guys dutiful?
All: Hell no.
The last thing he called me was
"a rolling ball
of butcher knives."
Sapp!
Hell of a game you played.
Yo, what's up, uncle Luke, man!
I appreciate it, man.
I appreciate it.
And ray ray!
Freshman tackling machine.
Yeah, I told y'all I was gonna
put a hurtin' on 'em, uncle I.
Thatsack on third down was like
the most beautiful thing
ieverseen.
And I've witnessed
a bluebird hatching.
(All laughing)
Hello, Luther.
Luther? You one of my
mama's work friends?
(Chuckung)
Hey, fellas. Quick question:
What is black, white, and green?
You guys, me, and all the
money we're gonna make together.
All: Hey!
I like the way he talking.
Y'all know drew, right?
Sports agent for the stars.
Now when it's your turn
to go pro,
he gon' make you
rich. That's right.
Hey, man. How you doing?
Him? Me?
Yeah, you, big fella.
Uh, yeah, good.
Great, glad to hear it.
Mind if I sit down?
Uh, yeah. Sure.
All right, cool. I'll
just steal your seat.
Yeah, yeah. You know, I was
kinda running late
for this other meeting
with this, uh, this other agent.
All right,
I have everyone's number
in this phone. Name someone.
Kevin kline.
Have it, boom!
Ray: Yo, it's in that?
It's in that?
Dude, that's crazy.
If you said Phoebe cates,
then I'd be impressed.
Phoebe cates?
Boom, gotcha! (Cheering)
Warren: He got Phoebe cates
in that mug!
I've always believed
that no good happens
without hard work.
But sometimes accepting that
that's still not enough,
that's the tough one.
So I take it things
didn't turn around
your senior season?
Well, you know, I played well.
Butlnevergot the starting job,
and before you know it,
just like that,
my college football career
was over.
And it felt like
my dreams were, too.
And now let's talk
to Dwayne Johnson.
Thanks, Reggie.
Dwayne, how does it feel
to be "Mr. Irrelevant,"
the last pick in the NFL draft?
Reggie? Where's Chris berman?
He left six rounds ago.
He had tickets to
the unsinkable Molly brown.
So, I bought you guys
a mobile home.
The open road is my front yard.
You should've
just kept the cash.
Okay, guys, gather up.
(Team cheers and applauds)
Okay, we just have
a couple of end-of-season
awards to give out,
but, first, I just want to say
thank you for all of your
effort and your sacrifice,
especially our seniors.
(Team applauding)
So the mvp of our team this year
was also the recipient
of the bronko nagurski award
for best defensive player,
the lombardi award
for best lineman,
first team all-American,
and the big east
defensive player of the year.
We all look forward to watching
him next year play in the NFL,
Warren sapp.
(Team cheers and applauds)
Appreciate you, coach.
Appreciate you.
Yo, I just want to say
thank you to all of you
for allowing me to outshine
y'all all these years.
(Team groans and laughs)
Warren sapp. (Team cheers)
(Applauds)
Okay, and the next award.
Coming all the way back from
academic probation to earn
a 2.8 in general studies,
scholar of the year,
Mr. Dwayne Johnson.
(Team cheers)
Dewey!
Hey, coach, is this your dad?
(Laughter)
It's Benjamin Franklin, son.
Oh, of course.
Doesn't look like you at all.
(Team chuckles and cheers)
Coach Erickson: All
right guys, we're out of here
in three days.
I want everything packed...
Adult Dwayne:
Like I've always done
when I don't know
what else to do,
I go home.
My mom wasn't the only one
who was grinding out a paycheck.
My dad couldn't
book matches anymore,
so he was teaching at
skinny Jimmy's wrestling camp.
Does this hurt, Richard?
No. Icanteu
and so can the audience
'cause you're not selling
worth a damn.
Here, let me show you.
Put me in a sleeper hold.
(Choking)
Oh, my god, are you okay?
Richard, I swear to god.
I'm selling.
(Whispers) Right.
That Richard is a disgrace.
I wish I could go back in
time and kill his mother.
At least he's having fun.
He's got a good enough job
where he can afford
to pay for these lessons.
What does it matter if he's bad?
All right, everybody.
Grab your partner.
If it doesn't matter to him,
itdoesnt matter to me.
What matters to you, Dewey?
What matters to me?
Family.
Doing something great.
Proving that
I got what it takes.
To do what?
Whatever you got.
(Chuckles) You remind
me of your grandfather.
He would say the
same thing. He did?
Everyone thought
that he was too short
to be a wrestler,
so he won the title.
They thought that
wrestlers couldn't act,
so he got cast
in a James Bond movie.
And they thought
wrestlers were dumb,
so he started
his own promotion business.
He loved being underestimated.
Yeah, I admire that.
Wish I felt that way.
Life is tough.
You must be tougher.
People don't believe in
your dream?
Good. You prove them wrong.
But what if they're right
and I'm the one that's wrong?
You are not wrong.
You're going to
take us with you.
I know that.
You never give up.
We are all going to make it.
Time to go on a cool-down walk
so I don't choke out Richard.
He got drunk and promised
his kid that he'd fight
the ultimate warrior
at next year's wrestlemania.
I'm gonna head down to the
beach with my tire. Do some training.
I thought football was over.
The season's over, but
the NFL combine's coming up.
Got to make sure I put
on a show for those scouts.
Is that my championship ring?
Oh, I like to wear it
to the store.
Adult Dwayne:
So, yeah, sometimes
there are things in life
you just can't control,
but my family was
never a variable.
Okay, try this again. Richard...
They were always there.
(Upbeat music playing)
So we provide a
discount on a rental car
if you commit to
a midsize or above.
Uh, sorry, I'm just gonna have
to place you on a brief hold.
Dewey, what are you doing here?
Just dropped by
to bring you this.
(Sighs softly)
Might not be able
to get you out of here yet,
but in the meantime,
I can at least make you
a little more comfortable.
Hey, why's she the only
one who gets one of those?
Don't worry
about what she's getting.
Know your role
and shut your mouth.
Get out of here, Carl.
Who's that chiming-in bitch?
Carl.
Thank you for the fan, baby.
I love you.
Hey, it might take
a little longer,
but I'm getting
to the pros, mom.
We're gonna make it.
You know, for four years,
I had gone up against
future hall-of-famers.
And I was good,
but I was never great.
But I still thought I was
good enough to get a shot,
and all I needed was
one NFL team who believed in me.
So did an NFL team take a
chance on you? Did you get drafted?
Well, we'll save that story
for another time.
Oh, okay, I can't
wait. (Bothlaugh)
It's a good one.
Yeah, I won't have the
hard pear cider next time.
Cheers.
Oh, yes, um...
There you go.
Get it.
(Loveit flaughs)